README.md, before:

![](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_binary-break-in/blob/master/Microsoft-Imagine.png)

## Welcome to Microsoft Imagine's Binary Break-In
Hello from the [Microsoft Imagine team](http://imagine.microsoft.com)! Thanks for checking out our game project, **Binary Break-In**.  Learn about the base 2 binary number system and apply this knowledge to crack open the safe!

## Microsoft Imagine?
Microsoft Imagine gives you the tools you need to experiment, explore, and launch your ideas.  Learn the basics of coding and you can create anything you dream. See where you can take code, and where coding can take you.  

## What is this?
![gameplay sample](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_binary-break-in/blob/master/BinaryBreakInGameplay.gif)

This repository holds the assets and C# source code for the game project, **Binary Break-In**. 

If you're new to Unity, C#, or just need some guidance overall, [head to the Binary Break-In page](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create019) on the [Microsoft Imagine site](http://imagine.microsoft.com) and follow our steps in the embedded Office Mix to complete the code for your own version of the game.

Otherwise, feel free to use our Binary Break-In code and assets to start building the kinds of games you like to play in Unity and C#, and develop the skills to turn your own ideas into something real.  

## How do I start?
To get started with Binary Break-In, you'll want to install the following:
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)
* [Unity (5.2 or higher)](http://unity3d.com/get-unity)
* [Visual Studio Community 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx) (Note that you can choose to install VS Community 2015 during your Unity installation.)

The [Binary Break-In page's Office Mix](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create019) has installation instructions if you need them.

## How do I use GitHub Desktop to get this?
Never done this before and just want the files to work with on your own? 

Click on the small **Clone in Desktop** button and you'll make a copy of all of these files on your machine that you can work with.  Alternatively, **Download ZIP** and then unzip the files in a familiar location on your computer.

Remember where you save these Binary Break-In files, since Unity needs to know where to work!

## Other pages of interest:
* [Microsoft Imagine website:](http://imagine.microsoft.com) Discover more software tools, contests, and other kits!
* [Imagine Learn-to-Code kits and activities:](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create) Offering a wide variety of coding kits to learn from and modify!
* [Imagine Cup website:](https://www.imaginecup.com/) Offering opportunities for students worldwide to create life-changing solutions.
* [Microsoft Virtual Academy:](http://mva.microsoft.com) Motivated to learn even more? Explore free, online training here!

## How do I help?
Read up further on [contributing here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_binary-break-in/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## LICENSE

Binary Break-In

Copyright (c) 2016 Microsoft Corporation

All rights reserved. 

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Adding Code of Conduct info

README.md, after:

![](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_binary-break-in/blob/master/Microsoft-Imagine.png)

## Welcome to Microsoft Imagine's Binary Break-In
Hello from the [Microsoft Imagine team](http://imagine.microsoft.com)! Thanks for checking out our game project, **Binary Break-In**.  Learn about the base 2 binary number system and apply this knowledge to crack open the safe!

## Microsoft Imagine?
Microsoft Imagine gives you the tools you need to experiment, explore, and launch your ideas.  Learn the basics of coding and you can create anything you dream. See where you can take code, and where coding can take you.  

## What is this?
![gameplay sample](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_binary-break-in/blob/master/BinaryBreakInGameplay.gif)

This repository holds the assets and C# source code for the game project, **Binary Break-In**. 

If you're new to Unity, C#, or just need some guidance overall, [head to the Binary Break-In page](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create019) on the [Microsoft Imagine site](http://imagine.microsoft.com) and follow our steps in the embedded Office Mix to complete the code for your own version of the game.

Otherwise, feel free to use our Binary Break-In code and assets to start building the kinds of games you like to play in Unity and C#, and develop the skills to turn your own ideas into something real.  

## How do I start?
To get started with Binary Break-In, you'll want to install the following:
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)
* [Unity (5.2 or higher)](http://unity3d.com/get-unity)
* [Visual Studio Community 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx) (Note that you can choose to install VS Community 2015 during your Unity installation.)

The [Binary Break-In page's Office Mix](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create019) has installation instructions if you need them.

## How do I use GitHub Desktop to get this?
Never done this before and just want the files to work with on your own? 

Click on the small **Clone in Desktop** button and you'll make a copy of all of these files on your machine that you can work with.  Alternatively, **Download ZIP** and then unzip the files in a familiar location on your computer.

Remember where you save these Binary Break-In files, since Unity needs to know where to work!

## Other pages of interest:
* [Microsoft Imagine website:](http://imagine.microsoft.com) Discover more software tools, contests, and other kits!
* [Imagine Learn-to-Code kits and activities:](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create) Offering a wide variety of coding kits to learn from and modify!
* [Imagine Cup website:](https://www.imaginecup.com/) Offering opportunities for students worldwide to create life-changing solutions.
* [Microsoft Virtual Academy:](http://mva.microsoft.com) Motivated to learn even more? Explore free, online training here!

## How do I help?
Read up further on [contributing here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_binary-break-in/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](http://microsoft.github.io/codeofconduct). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](http://microsoft.github.io/codeofconduct/faq.md) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments. 

## LICENSE

Binary Break-In

Copyright (c) 2016 Microsoft Corporation

All rights reserved. 

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
